

# BlockDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**signature** | **String** | The signature of the block. The signature was generated by the signer and can be used to validate tha the entity data was not modified by a node.  | 
**signer** | **String** | The public key of the block harvester formatted as hexadecimal. | 
**version** | **Integer** | The entity version. The higher byte represents the network identifier: * 0x68 (MAIN_NET) - Public main network. * 0x98 (TEST_NET) - Public test network. * 0x60 (MIJIN) - Private network. * 0x90 (MIJIN_TEST) - Private test network.  | 
**type** | **Integer** | The block type: * 0x8043 (32835 decimal) - Nemesis block. * 0x8143 (33091 decimal) - Regular block.  | 
**height** | **List&lt;Integer&gt;** |  | 
**timestamp** | **List&lt;Integer&gt;** |  | 
**difficulty** | **List&lt;Integer&gt;** |  | 
**feeMultiplier** | **Integer** | The fee multiplier applied to transactions contained in block. | 
**previousBlockHash** | **String** | The hash of the previous block. | 
**blockTransactionsHash** | **String** | The transactions included in a block are hashed forming a merkle tree. The root of the tree summarizes them.  | 
**blockReceiptsHash** | **String** | The collection of receipts  are hashed into a merkle tree and linked to a block. The block header stores the root hash.  | 
**stateHash** | **String** | For each block, the state of the blockchain is stored in RocksDB, forming a patricia tree. The root of the tree summarizes the state of the blockchain for the given block.  | 
**beneficiary** | **String** | The public key of the optional beneficiary designated by harvester. | 



